README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/master/.github/logo_qui_est_coule_et_qui_coule.svg" height=256 /></h1>
<p align="center">A hobbyist kernel and operating system made with :heart: <br /> Now in ANSI C !</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: GPL--3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL--3-yellow.svg" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Commits: NavyOS" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Project-Navy/NavyOS" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/issues" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Issues: NavyOS" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/Project-Navy/NavyOS" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/pulls" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Pulls: NavyOS" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/Project-Navy/NavyOS" />
  </a>
</p>


## ⚙ Compile & Run (in 32 bits)

```sh
make && ./script/run-32bits-limine.sh 
```

## Author

👤 **Jordan Dalcq**

* Twitter : [@KeyboardSlayer](https://twitter.com/KeyboardSlayer)
* Github : [@Keyboard-Slayer](https://github.com/Keyboard-Slayer)
* Mail : [keyboard-slayer@navy-os.tech](mailto:keyboard-slayer@navy-os.tech)

## Contributors
<a href="https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contributors-img.web.app/image?repo=Project-Navy/NavyOS" />
</a>

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/issues).

## :heart: Show your support

Give a ⭐ if this project helped you!

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2020 [Jordan Dalcq](https://github.com/Keyboard-Slayer).<br />
This project is [GPL-3](https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Meta: Add a build guide to the root of the project.
it would be interesting to implement a script to prepare the environment, and avoid having to compile the compiler yourself.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/master/.github/logo_qui_est_coule_et_qui_coule.svg" height=256 /></h1>
<p align="center">A hobbyist kernel and operating system made with :heart: <br /> Now in ANSI C !</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/blob/master/LICENSE" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: GPL--3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL--3-yellow.svg" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Commits: NavyOS" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Project-Navy/NavyOS" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/issues" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Issues: NavyOS" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/Project-Navy/NavyOS" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/pulls" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Pulls: NavyOS" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/Project-Navy/NavyOS" />
  </a>
</p>


## ⚙ Compile & Run (in 32 bits)

To compile and run the OS, follow the instructions given in the [build guide](https://github.com/Project-Navy/Navy/build_guide.md).

## Author

👤 **Jordan Dalcq**

* Twitter : [@KeyboardSlayer](https://twitter.com/KeyboardSlayer)
* Github : [@Keyboard-Slayer](https://github.com/Keyboard-Slayer)
* Mail : [keyboard-slayer@navy-os.tech](mailto:keyboard-slayer@navy-os.tech)

## Contributors
<a href="https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contributors-img.web.app/image?repo=Project-Navy/NavyOS" />
</a>

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/issues).

## :heart: Show your support

Give a ⭐ if this project helped you!

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2020 [Jordan Dalcq](https://github.com/Keyboard-Slayer).<br />
This project is [GPL-3](https://github.com/Project-Navy/NavyOS/blob/master/LICENSE) licensed.
